EDU-937 Updating readme, contributing, and style (#2250)
temporalio/documentation: README.md

  - [How to auto format files](#how-auto-format-files)
  - [How to run the Assembly Workflow](#how-to-run-the-assembly-workflow)
  - [How to create a new guide configuration](#how-to-create-a-new-guide-configuration)
  - [How to use DACX](#how-to-use-dacx)
- [Local development command reference](#local-development-command-reference)
  - [`yarn`](#yarn)
  - [`yarn build`](#yarn-build)
  - [`yarn start`](#yarn-start)
  - [`yarn assemble`](#yarn-assemble)
    - [`--cloud`](#--cloud)
    - [`--samples`](#--samples)
  - [`yarn format`](#yarn-format)
  - [`yarn snipsync](#yarn-snipsync)
    - [`--clear`](#--clear)

## What is the goal of this README?

The goal of this README is to empower contribution to the Temporal Platform information corpus, specifically docs.temporal.io. See [How to make changes to this repository](#how-to-make-changes-to-this-repository).

Maintainers and contributors to this project are expected to conduct themselves in a respectful way. See the [CNCF Community Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md) as a reference.

> This repository and all its contents are open-source; The source of this documentation is available to the public for individual and commercial use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository and all its contents are open-source. The source of this documentation is available to the public for individual and commercial use.
```

[MIT License](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

### What do we mean by the “Temporal Platform information corpus”?

There is a lot of relevant Temporal Platform information that might not be included in this repository. And this repository does not claim to account for all of that information and the many archetypes that it is presented in.

[Adding to this repository](#how-to-make-changes-to-this-repository) is only way to add to the information corpus.

We plan to offer more ways to add to the corpus.

> Consider registering your already published information with Temporal IQ and reach out to us in Slack https://temporalio.slack.com/archives/C05JRT1GKEE.

Author: The submission process is manual at this point through that Slack channel.

## What is in this repository?

This repository contains the following:

### `/docs-src` Markdown “source-of-truth” Information nodes

This directory contains all of the Markdown “Information Nodes” that make up the guides that are generated into the `/docs` directory. These nodes are registered with a guide configuration in `/assembly/guide-configs` .

### `/docs` Markdown files for Docusaurus

> This directory contains the Markdown files that map directly to what you see in the documentation site. For example, `/docs/concepts/workflows` maps to `[docs.temporal.io/workflows](http://docs.temporal.io/workflows)` .

Author: why remove the example?

> However, most of these files are generated from `docs-src` Information Nodes based on the guide configurations in `assembly/guide-configs` .

Author: why remove?

Each JSON configuration file in [assembly/guide-configs](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/blob/main/assembly/guide-configs) represents a user-facing narrative that pieces together the Information Nodes, such as [Concepts](https://docs.temporal.io/temporal/#) and [the Go SDK dev guide](https://docs.temporal.io/dev-guide/go/).

The Assembly Workflow can be run using a local Cluster (such as [Temporal CLI](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/blob/main/kb/all-the-ways-to-run-a-cluster#temporal-cli)) or [Temporal Cloud](https://docs.temporal.io/cloud/).

See [How to run the Assembly Workflow](#how-to-run-the-assembly-workflow) for details.

#### DACX Information Node generation tooling

One of the things the Assembly Workflow can do, is generate Information Nodes for documentation code samples repositories.

### `/changelog` Docs site changelog

This directory contains logs of major changes to the documentation.

The information at [docs.temporal.io](http://docs.temporal.io) changes frequently, but bigger and more notable changes over a period of time are often captured and logged there.

> ### Snipsync code synchronization tooling

Author: No, because it is not the same. It is different and its own thing.

This repository has [Snipsync](https://github.com/temporalio/snipsync) installed and checks in the snippets that are merged into the docs.

## How to get approval to put up a Pull Request

We absolutely encourage contributions!

But to save time you must let us know what you plan to change before submitting a Pull Request.

If you aren't part of the temporalio organization, you must file a Github issue https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/issues.

> If you are part of the temporalio organization, you must use Temporal’s internal tracking system to submit a Work Task to our team.

Author: Zendesk? You mean Jira?
And no - we don't want to do that.

You must receive approval from us in both cases before submitting a Pull Request. If you submit a Pull Request without proper approval, we will close it.

## How to fix a typo

**STOP! [Make sure you are eligible to put up a Pull Request!](#how-to-get-approval-to-put-up-a-pr)**

**Once approved, you may follow these steps.**

If you are want broader guidance on making changes to this repo, see the [How to make changes to this repository](#how-to-make-changes-to-this-repository). Otherwise these steps will enable you to fix a piece of content.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/temporalio/documentation
cd documentation
yarn install

> git checkout -b yourfix

Author: Thats a great idea, something to put in front of the team. We can always add it later.

So in a new terminal,

```bash
cd assembly
yarn install
./worker.js
```

Then run the WF from the root of the repo

```bash
yarn assemble
```

Format all the files

```bash
yarn format
```

Put up your changes

```bash
git add . && git commit -m "change deets"
git push origin yourfix
```

## How to make changes to this repository

**STOP! [Make sure you are eligible to put up a Pull Request!](#how-to-get-approval-to-put-up-a-pr)**

**Once approved, you may follow these steps.**

If you are looking for the quick way to fix a typo, check out the “[How to fix a typo](#how-to-fix-a-typo)” section.

Otherwise, the following steps provide a much higher level view of the steps to making changes. Particularly if you plan on embedding sourced code snippets or generating information nodes.

1. Clone the repo.
2. [Install the dependencies](#install-the-dependencies).
3. Make changes to the information nodes in `docs-src` & guide configurations in `assemble/guide-configs` while [following our style guidance](#how-to-follow-style-guidance).
   1. See [How to construct a guide config](#how-to-create-a-new-guide-configuration).
   2. See [How to use DACX](#how-to-use-dacx).

>    3. See [How to use SnipSync](#how-to-use-snipsync).

Author: I don't agree.

Generic versions of the same term should not be capitalized and should be used sparingly to avoid confusion.

- Correct: "Next, register the Activity within the Workflow."

- Incorrect: "Next, register the activity within the workflow."

#### Abbreviation of "identifier"

In text, do not abbreviate the word "identifier" as "ID", "Id", or "id" unless it is part of a Temporal core term, such as "Workflow Id" or "Activity Id".

- Correct: "You can provide an order identifier or customer identifier as a Workflow Id."

- Incorrect: "You can provide an order ID or customer id as a Workflow Id."

In code (and when quoting or referring to code in text), follow the conventions of each language.

#### En dashes in ranges

Using an en dash (`&ndash;` or the character `–`) in a range of numbers is acceptable.
Even better is to use words such as _from_, _to_, and _through_.

#### Be consistent.

If you use an en dash in one range, use en dashes in all ranges.
Do not mix words and en dashes (or hyphens, for that matter).

- Correct: "5 to 10 GB"
- Correct: "5–10 GB"
- Correct: "5-10 GB"
- Incorrect: "from 5-10 GB"

#### Infinitive verb forms in headings

> Titles and headings should use infinitive verb forms whenever possible. People tend to search by using infinitive verb forms, so using them helps SEO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use infinitive verb forms for titles and headings. People tend to word their search queries with infinitive verb forms; aligning our titles with what's commonly searched improves SEO.
```

- Correct: "How to install Temporal"
- Incorrect: "Installing Temporal"

#### Infinitive verb forms in labels

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Treat labels like headings or titles and use infinitive verb forms when possible.
```

Author: Actually titles and headers are questions & labels are infinitive -
This section will need a rewrite soon.
@djmagee can do that on his pass with style guide changes.

- Correct: "Install Temporal"
- Incorrect: "Installing Temporal"

#### Sentence casing in headings

Use sentence casing for titles and headings.

> Sentence casing means that only the first letter of the first word and proper nouns are capitalized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentence casing means that only proper nouns and the first letter of the first word are capitalized.
```

- Correct: "How to get started with Temporal"
- Incorrect: "How To Get Started With Temporal"

### What is the philosophy around versioning the documentation?

> The Temporal Platform includes many different components and core dependencies. Each of these components is often independently versioned and documents their stability and support for their own dependencies. For example, the [Temporal Go SDK reference](https://pkg.go.dev/go.temporal.io/sdk?tab=versions) provides that view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Temporal Platform includes many different components and core dependencies. Many components are independently versioned, meaning that they document their stability and support for their own dependencies. The [Temporal Go SDK reference](https://pkg.go.dev/go.temporal.io/sdk?tab=versions) provides a good example of document versioning.
```

> The goal of this information set, in regards to versioning, is to remain “current”. That is, this information should serve the needs of the Platform’s user base as best it can based on what is/has recently happened across all the components of the Temporal Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of versioning is to remain “current”. In other words, the Temporal information corpus should serve the needs of the user base as best it can based on recent changes across the Temporal Platform.
```

Author: This changes the meaning.
The goal of the information set is not the same as the goal of versioning.

> We should explicitly call out support, stability, and dependency information whenever possible inline with the rest of the information. This contrasts with publishing versions of documentation sets to match the versioned components of the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make explicit callouts to support, stability, and dependency information whenever possible.
```

> We use the `ssdi` metadata tag in `docs-src` nodes to explicitly call out support, stability, and dependency information when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the `ssdi` metadata tag in `docs-src` nodes to explicitly call out this information.
```

> We use the `ssdi` metadata tag in `docs-src` nodes to explicitly call out support, stability, and dependency information when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the `ssdi` metadata tag in `docs-src` nodes to explicitly call out this information.
```
```suggestion

```

#### How to explicitly identify support, stability, and dependency info

> Use the `ssdi` metadata tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `ssdi` metadata tag explicitly call out support, stability, and dependency information within the repository.
```

> Use the `ssdi` metadata tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `ssdi` metadata tag to explicitly call out support, stability, and dependency information within the repository.
```

> Add this metadata tag to the information node’s metadata tag in the `/docs-src` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the tag to the information node’s metadata tag in the `/docs-src` directory.
```

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: why remove "Example?"

```markdown
---
id: what-is-x
// ...
ssdi:
  - Introduced in [Temporal Server version x.xx.x](/path/to/release/notes/)
  - Available in [Temporal CLI version x.xx.x](/path/to/release/notes/)
  - Released in Temporal Cloud on <date>
---
```

### How to auto format files

> Run `yarn format` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `yarn format`.
```

> If you do not run this command locally and put up a Pull Request, a Github action runs the formatting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't run this command locally before posting a Pull Request, a Github action runs the formatting.
```

Reviewer: Need more context for the GitHub action, especially why we'd rather format the files.

### How to run the Assembly Workflow

> First, you must have a Namespace setup to operate with. We recommend using the [Temporal CLI’s development Server](https://docs.temporal.io/cli/#starting-the-temporal-server). In a separate terminal run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have a Namespace set up on a Temporal Server.
We recommend using the [Temporal CLI’s development Server](https://docs.temporal.io/cli/#starting-the-temporal-server). 

In a separate terminal run:
```

Reviewer: Should the Namespace requirement be mentioned earlier when the user is installing/configuring all this?

```bash
temporal server start-dev
```

> Then again in a separate terminal, run the Worker in `/assembly`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a separate terminal, run the Worker in the `/assembly` folder.
```

```bash
cd assembly
./worker.js
```

> In another terminal start the Workflow from the root of the repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In another terminal, start the Workflow from the root of this repository.
```

```bash
yarn assemble
```

> After the Workflow completes, we recommend running the auto formatter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the auto-formatter after the Workflow Execution is completed.
```

```bash
yarn format
```

> **TIP**: Make your changes in the **source files** that are named in the configuration file. For example, if you found a typo in the Concept section *What is a Task?*, open [docs/concepts/what-is-a-task.md](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/blob/main/docs/concepts/what-is-a-task.md) and make the edit directly there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Make your changes in the _source files_  named in the configuration file.**
For instance, if you find a typo under "What is a Task?" (located in the Workers section of the Temporal docs website, locate the source node in `/docs-src` and make any corrections there.
```

Author: Removing the link to the example is just far less clear imo.

### How to create a new guide configuration

> Guide configurations live in `assembly/guide-configs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guide configurations are stored in `assembly/guide-configs`.
```

> They are more or less organized to reflect the intended output in the `docs` directory, however this is purely for file management purposes and does not affect where the guide output is written to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  "use_description": false, // uses the description as the first sentence in the generated doc
  "toc_max_heading_level": 4, // sets the maximum toc level for the generated doc
  "add_tabs_support": true, // adds mdx imports to generated doc to support tabs
  "sections": [ // array of sections
    {
      "type": "p", // section type - p sections use the previous heading as an anchor
      "id": "go/foundations" // this is the directory + doc id within docs-src
    },
    {
      "type": "h2", // can go as deep as h4
      "id": "clusters/how-to-install-temporal-cli"
    },
    {
      "type": "h2",
      "id": "go/add-sdk"
    },
    {
      "type": "p",
      "id": "go/how-to-use-the-go-sdk"
    },
    {
      "type": "h3",
      "id": "go/api-reference-go"
    },
    {
      "type": "h3",
      "id": "go/code-samples"
    },
}
```

### How to use DACX

**What is DACX?**

DACX is short for “Docs as code”.
All the logic of the DACX tool is built into the Assembly Workflow.

**Why use DACX?**

> 1. The tool is similar [Snipsync](https://github.com/temporalio/snipsync), but with DACX you write documentation in the same file as the code. As a code sample developer, you can write the documentation inline with the code and then use the docs Assembly Workflow to generate Markdown guides from those code samples. However, rather than curating the information and code in the Markdown file within the documentation repo like you do with Snipsync, you curate the information within the source code file. As with both tools, you need to work within both repositories to manufacture the end result.
> 
> 2. DACX provides rich content in multiple places for the next big training event and is suited to meet our long term LLM goals. This is because DACX source files contain parts of the narrative inline with the code and the published guides will put the full narrative together, each complimenting the other. During the next training event, LLMs will consume both DACX source files and the generated guides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DACX is similar to [Snipsync](https://github.com/temporalio/snipsync), except that DACX lets you write the documentation within the code. 
Rather than curating the information and code within the documentation repository, you curate the information within the source code's repository. 
The Assembly Workflow then generates Markdown guides from the narrative inlined with the code.
As a result, DACX provides rich content in multiple places. 
```

Author: Nice!

> 

Reviewer: To start using DACX, choose a source repo.

> #### Choose a source repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

- Go → https://github.com/temporalio/documentation-samples-go
- Python → https://github.com/temporalio/documentation-samples-python
- Java → TODO
- TypeScript → TODO

> #### Or register a new one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also register a new source repo with the Assembly Workflow.
```

> The Assembly Workflow needs to know which repos contain DACX files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Edit `/assembly/config.json` , the [Assembly configuration](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/blob/main/assembly/config.json) file, to add your repository to the list of `documentation_samples_repos` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add your repository under the `documentation_samples_repos` section of the [Assembly configuration](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/blob/main/assembly/config.json) file.
```

> Specify a branch name in the `ref` field if you change has not merged into the main of the source repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify a branch name in the `ref` field if your changes are not merged into the main branch of the source repo.
```

Example:

```go
{
  "org": "your-org" // for us that temporalio
  "name": "your-repo" // name of the repository
  "ref" : "your-branch-name" // name of your branch - optional
  // if a branch is not specified, main is used
}
```

#### Identify DACX files

> In the source repository, identify the DACX files.
> 
> Assembly identifies DACX files by the file’s name.
> 
> Within your source repo, add `_dacx` to the file name right before the extension.
> 
> Do this for every file that contains DACX.
> 
> For example, `my_main_workflow_file_dacx.go`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Assembly Workflow identifies DACX files by the inclusion of `_dacx` in filenames.
In your source repository, add `_dacx` at the end of the file name, but before the file extension, to identify files using DACX.
This must be done for every file that contains DACX.
```

#### Write documentation using vanilla Markdown

In the source repository, write your documentation as Markdown using multiline comments.

The Assembly Workflow identifies all multiline comments as Markdown documentation.

> Single line comments are treated the same as the rest of the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Single-line comments are treated the same as the rest of the code.
```

For example:

```go
/*
This is treated as Markdown documentation.

Format this information as you would like any other Markdown content.

Since Markdown maintains readablibilty, anyone can read this, even when a [link](/somelink) is present.
*/

// MyCode is my code and this is treated the same as the code
func MyCode () error {
 // ...
}
```

#### Use `@dacx` comments to identify info nodes

In the source repository, add `@dacx` to a multiline comment at the bottom of the `_dacx` file.

The comment must be structured exactly like the following:

```go
/* @dacx
id: id-of-resulting-info-node
title: Title of the resulting info node
label: Info node label (often becomes the anchor if node is used as a header)
description: Longer description of the info node used in link page previews.
lines: line numbers
@dacx */
```

Example:

```go
/* @dacx
id: how-to-run-a-temporal-cloud-worker-in-go
title: How to run a Temporal Cloud Worker in Go
label: Run a Cloud Worker
description: Use a certificate key pair and your Temporal Cloud Namespace to connect to Temporal Cloud.
lines: 1-52, 64
@dacx */
```

#### Basic line selection requirements

> You must select both the opening multiline comment line and the closing multiline comment line whenever selecting multiline comments, as either a distinct selection or as part of a large group of Markdown and code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must select both the opening multiline comment line and the closing multiline comment line when selecting multiline comments, as either a distinct selection or as part of a large group of Markdown and code.
```

For example:

```go
/*
This is treated as Markdown documentation.

Format this information as you would like any other Markdown content.

Since Markdown maintains readablibilty, anyone can read this, even when a [link](/somelink) is present.
*/

// MyCode is my code and this is treated the same as the code
func MyCode () error {
 // ...
}

/* @dacx
id: my-dacx-code-example
title: My DACX code example
label: DACX example
description: Always select the opening and closing multiline comment characters.
lines: 1-7
@dacx */
```

> In the above example, we capture lines 1-7 to capture the whole multiline comment section. Notion is not good at showing line numbers in code blocks, but most editors do it well by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, we capture lines 1-7 to capture the whole multiline comment section. 
```

We could also capture the full multiline comment as part of capturing a group of Markdown and code:

```go
/* @dacx
id: my-dacx-code-example
title: My DACX code example
label: DACX example
description: Always select the opening and closing multiline comment characters.
lines: 1-12
@dacx */
```

#### Use Assembly to generate the info nodes

> In the documentation repo, run `yarn assemble --samples` to generate the information nodes into their respective language specific docs-src directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the documentation repository, run `yarn assemble --samples` to generate the information nodes into their respective language-specific directories.
```

  "file_dir": "application-development/golang",
  "title": "Go SDK developer's guide - Foundations",
  "sidebar_label": "Foundations", // This is the label of the guide in the sidebar
  "sidebar_position": 1, // This is the position within the sidebar relative to others at the same level
  "description": "The Foundations section of the Temporal Go SDK Developer's guide covers the minimum set of concepts and implementation details needed to build and run a Temporal Application in Go – that is, all the relevant steps to start a Workflow Execution that executes an Activity.",
  "use_description": false,
  "toc_max_heading_level": 4,
  "add_tabs_support": true,
  "sections": [
    {
      "type": "p", // use p for sections that you don't want a header for or want to string together.
      "id": "go/foundations"
    },
    {
      "type": "h2",
      "id": "go/add-sdk"
    },
    {
      "type": "h2", // this is the header level you want
      "id": "how-to-develop-a-workflow-in-go" // this is the id of the info node
    }
    // ...
}
```

#### Run Assembly one more time

In the documentation repo, run `yarn assemble` to generate the guides from the guide configurations.

> Locally you can preview your work in the docs repo using `yarn start`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Preview your work locally with the command `yarn start`
```

### How to use Snipsync

Make sure your source code repository is registered in the `snipsync.config.yaml` file.

> In the `docs-src` Information Nodes, place your [snipsync](https://github.com/temporalio/snipsync) snippet wrappers where you want the snippet to be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place your [snipsync](https://github.com/temporalio/snipsync) snippet wrappers where you want the snippet to be within the information node.
```

```
<!--SNIPSTART typescript-hello-client -->
<!--SNIPEND-->

```

Run `yarn snipsync`, to merge the snippet contents (in this case, from `[samples-typescript](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/blob/75bdcd613bd24f8f357cb96d1b83051353c5685a/hello-world/src/client.ts#L1)`) between the `SNIPSTART` and `SNIPEND` tags.

[Run the Assembly Workflow](https://www.notion.so/Documentation-repo-README-content-WIP-ddd0e586594246b3b9948919bbf7b12b?pvs=21).

> Format the files with `yarn format` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Format the files with `yarn format`.
```

> [Put up a Pull Request](#how-to-put-up-a-pull-request).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### How to put up a Pull Request

Commit your changes to a new branch.

> If you are outside the Temporal organization, you must fork the repository and create Pull Requests from branches on your own fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are outside the Temporal organization, fork the repository and create Pull Requests from branches on your own fork.
```

> The README in GitHub's [first-contributions repo](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions) provides an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the README in GitHub's [first-contributions repo](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions) repo for guidance on forking and creating Pull Requests.
```

> You get a deployment preview for each push to the Pull Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vercel provides a deployment preview for each push to the Pull Request.
```

!https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/raw/main/static/img/readme/vercel-deploy-preview.png

If you don't belong to the Temporal organization, a member of the Temporal @temporalio/education team will need to approve your preview.

> If you don't belong to the Temporal organization, you may need to sign the Contributor License Agreement yourself.

Reviewer: So, Temporal organization or temporalio? You used temporalio earlier. Wanted to give you a choice for what to use from here on out.

The @temporalio/education team tries to review GitHub issues and pull requests on a regular schedule.

> When we merge your Pull Request, a new build automatically occurs and your changes publish to [https://docs.temporal.io](https://docs.temporal.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we merge your Pull Request, a new build automatically occurs and your changes are published to [https://docs.temporal.io](https://docs.temporal.io/).
```

Author: negative, this changes it to passive voice.

#### Assembly Workflow merge conflicts

> Running Assembly again will fix any merge conflict to ASSEMBLY_REPORT.md and generated guides in the docs directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the Assembly Workflow to fix any merge conflict to ASSEMBLY_REPORT.md and generated guides in the `/docs` directory.
```

Restart your Worker after merging main and before running Assembly again.

### How to preview the site locally

Run `yarn start`. This command starts a local development server and opens a browser window to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/).

## Local development command reference

The following commands are available to aid in local development:

### `yarn`

This command ensures all the required dependencies are installed.

### `yarn build`

This command triggers a Docusaurus build and results in the browser consumable Javascript in the `/build` directory.
Note that the `/build` directory is ignored by Git.

### `yarn start`

This command spins up a local web server and serves up the contents of the `/build` directory to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/).

### `yarn assemble`

> 
> This command starts the Assembly Workflow. You must have a Temporal Cluster to connect to for the Assembly Workflow to run.
> 
> It accepts the following arguments:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This command starts and runs the Assembly Workflow, provided you have a Temporal Cluster to connect to.

The arguments below are supported by this command.

```

Author: 2nd sentence becomes passive.

#### `--cloud`

> When provided, this flag causes the Temporal Client to connect to a Temporal Cloud Namespace. This flag requires that the following private information is set in `assembly/secure` :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When provided, this flag causes the Temporal Client to connect to a Temporal Cloud Namespace. This flag requires that the following private information is set in `assembly/secure`:
```

You must receive approval from us in both cases before submitting a Pull Request. If you submit a Pull Request without proper approval, we will close it.

## How to fix a typo

**STOP! [Make sure you are eligible to put up a Pull Request!](#how-to-get-approval-to-put-up-a-pr)**

**Once approved, follow the steps below to make changes to this repository.**

For more information, refer to [How to make changes to this repository](#how-to-make-changes-to-this-repository).

```bash
git clone https://github.com/temporalio/documentation
cd documentation
yarn install
git checkout -b yourfix
```

Find the source node in the `docs-src` directory.

Make your changes in the source file.

Open a new terminal. Start the Worker.

```bash
cd assembly
yarn install
./worker.js
```

Open another terminal. Run the Workflow from the root of the repository.

```bash
yarn assemble
```

Format all files.

```bash
yarn format
```

Put up your changes

```bash
git add . && git commit -m "change deets"
git push origin yourfix
```

## How to make changes to this repository

**STOP! [Make sure you are eligible to put up a Pull Request!](#how-to-get-approval-to-put-up-a-pr)**

> **Once approved, you may follow these steps.**

Author: ```suggestion
**Once approved, follow the steps below to make changes to this repository.**
```

- Incorrect: "How To Get Started With Temporal"

### What is the philosophy around versioning the documentation?

The Temporal Platform includes many different components and core dependencies. Each of these components is often independently versioned and documents their stability and support for their own dependencies. For example, the [Temporal Go SDK reference](https://pkg.go.dev/go.temporal.io/sdk?tab=versions) provides that view.

The goal of this information set, in regards to versioning, is to remain “current”. That is, this information should serve the needs of the Platform’s user base as best it can based on what is/has recently happened across all the components of the Temporal Platform.
We should explicitly call out support, stability, and dependency information whenever possible inline with the rest of the information. This contrasts with publishing versions of documentation sets to match the versioned components of the platform.

We use the `ssdi` metadata tag in `docs-src` nodes to explicitly call out support, stability, and dependency information when needed.

#### How to explicitly identify support, stability, and dependency info

Use the `ssdi` metadata tag.

> 
> Add this metadata tag to the information node’s metadata tag in the `/docs-src` directory.
> 

Author: ```suggestion

```

  - [What is the “Temporal Platform information corpus”?](#what-is-the-temporal-platform-information-corpus)
- [What is in this repository?](#what-is-in-this-repository)
  - [/docs-src information nodes](#docs-src-information-nodes)
  - [/docs generated files for Docusaurus](#docs-generated-files-for-docusaurus)
  - [/assembly Assembly Workflow](#assembly-assembly-workflow)
  - [/changelog Docs site changelog](#changelog-docs-site-changelog)
  - [Snipsync code synchronization tooling](#snipsync-code-synchronization-tooling)
- [How to get approval to put up a Pull Request](#how-to-get-approval-to-put-up-a-pull-request)
- [How to fix a typo](#how-to-fix-a-typo)
- [How to make changes to this repository](#how-to-make-changes-to-this-repository)
  - [How to install the dependencies for this repo](#how-to-install-the-dependencies-for-this-repo)
  - [How to follow style guidance](#how-to-follow-style-guidance)
  - [What is the philosophy around versioning the documentation?](#what-is-the-philosophy-around-versioning-the-document)
  - [How to explicitly identify support, stability, and dependency info](#how-to-explicitly-identify-support-stability-and-dependency-info)

>   - [How to auto format files](#how-auto-format-files)

Author: This is done now.

>   - [How to auto-format files](#how-auto-format-files)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [How to auto-format files](#how-to-auto-format-files)
```
I missed this link fix during my previous pass. Mea culpa.

  - [How to use DACX](#how-to-use-dacx)
- [Local development command reference](#local-development-command-reference)
  - [`yarn`](#yarn)
  - [`yarn build`](#yarn-build)
  - [`yarn start`](#yarn-start)
  - [`yarn assemble`](#yarn-assemble)
    - [`--cloud`](#--cloud)
    - [`--samples`](#--samples)
  - [`yarn format`](#yarn-format)
  - [`yarn snipsync](#yarn-snipsync)
    - [`--clear`](#--clear)

## What is the goal of this README?

The goal of this README is to empower community contribution to the Temporal Platform information corpus, specifically docs.temporal.io. See [How to make changes to this repository](#how-to-make-changes-to-this-repository).

Maintainers and contributors to this project are expected to conduct themselves in a respectful way. See the [CNCF Community Code of Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md) as a reference.

This repository and its contents are open-source; individual and commercial use are permitted.

[MIT License](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

### What is the “Temporal Platform information corpus”?

> There is a lot of relevant information that might not be in this repository, but can be found in other locations.

Author: Adjusted per comment.
We can follow up with more here -

[Adding to this repository](#how-to-make-changes-to-this-repository) is only way to add to the information corpus.

We plan to offer more ways to add to the corpus.

Consider registering your already published information with Temporal IQ and reach out to us in Slack https://temporalio.slack.com/archives/C05JRT1GKEE.

## What is in this repository?

This repository contains a large chunk of the Temporal Platform information corpus, divided into "source-of-truth" Markdown files and "generated" Markdown files, along with a changelog and an Assembly Workflow.
Each component is explained further along in this README.

### `/docs-src` information nodes

> This directory contains editable Markdown files, known as "information nodes", that are used to generate the guides seen in the `/docs` directory and on our website.

Author: hmm thats not right 🤔

> This directory contains editable Markdown files, known as "information nodes", that are used to generate the guides seen in the `/docs` directory and on our website.

Reviewer 2: Per https://developers.google.com/style/quotation-marks#commas-and-periods-with-quotation-marks. (If "information nodes" is a string literal, the comma lands outside the quotation marks. In ordinary prose, the comma nestles just inside. British English does indeed place the comma outside the quotation marks, but we follow 'Merkin English.)

> This directory contains editable Markdown files, known as "information nodes", that are used to generate the guides seen in the `/docs` directory and on our website.

Author: No kidding! Wild.

This directory contains editable Markdown files, known as "information nodes," that are used to generate the guides seen in the `/docs` directory and on our website.
These nodes are registered to the Assembly Workflow with guide configurations. These configuration files can be found in `/assembly/guide-configs`.

### `/docs` generated files for Docusaurus

> This directory contains the Markdown files that map directly to what you see in the documentation site. For example, `/docs/concepts/workflows` maps to [docs.temporal.io/workflows](http://docs.temporal.io/workflows) .

Author: ```suggestion
This directory contains the Markdown files that map directly to what you see in the documentation site. For example, `/docs/concepts/workflows` maps to [docs.temporal.io/workflows](http://docs.temporal.io/workflows).
```

For more information, see [How to use DACX](#how-to-use-dacx).

### `/changelog` Docs site changelog

This directory contains logs of major changes to the documentation.

The information at [docs.temporal.io](http://docs.temporal.io) changes frequently, but bigger and more notable changes are captured in the changelog.

### Snipsync code synchronization tooling

This repository is configured for [Snipsync](https://github.com/temporalio/snipsync), which checks in the snippets included throughout our documentation.
For more information, see [How to use Snipsync](#how-to-use-snipsync).

## How to get approval to create a pull request

We absolutely encourage contributions, but we need to know what you plan to change.

If you aren't part of the temporalio GitHub organization, [file a Github issue](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/issues) to suggest a change.

If you are part of the temporalio organization, use Temporal’s internal tracking system to submit a work task to our team.

In both cases, you must receive approval from us before submitting a pull request. If you submit a pull request without proper approval, we will close it.

## How to fix a typo

> **STOP! [Make sure you are eligible to put up a pull request!](#how-to-get-approval-to-create-a-pull-request)**

Author: ```suggestion
**STOP! [Make sure you are eligible to create a pull request!](#how-to-get-approval-to-create-a-pull-request)**
```

For more information, refer to [How to make changes to this repository](#how-to-make-changes-to-this-repository).

```bash
git clone https://github.com/temporalio/documentation
cd documentation
yarn install
git checkout -b yourfix
```

Find the source node in the `docs-src` directory.

> Make your changes in the source file.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
Make your changes in the *source files*  named in the configuration file.
For instance, if you find a typo under "What is a Task?" (located in the Workers section of the Temporal docs website), open [docs/concepts/what-is-a-task.md](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/blob/main/docs/concepts/what-is-a-task.md) and make the edit directly there.

```

> Make your changes in the *source files*  named in the configuration file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make your changes in the *source files* named in the configuration file.
```

- Incorrect: "Installing Temporal"

#### Infinitive verb forms in labels

Treat labels like headings or titles and use infinitive verb forms when possible.

- Correct: "Install Temporal"
- Incorrect: "Installing Temporal"

#### Sentence casing in headings

Use sentence casing for titles and headings.
Sentence casing means that only proper nouns and the first letter of the first word are capitalized.

- Correct: "How to get started with Temporal"
- Incorrect: "How To Get Started With Temporal"

### What is the philosophy around versioning the documentation?

The Temporal Platform includes many different components and core dependencies. Many components are independently versioned, meaning that they document their stability and support for their own dependencies. The [Temporal Go SDK reference](https://pkg.go.dev/go.temporal.io/sdk?tab=versions) provides a good example of document versioning.

The goal of this information set, in regards to versioning, is to remain “current”. That is, this information should serve the needs of the Platform’s user base as best it can based on what is/has recently happened across all the components of the Temporal Platform.

> Make explicit callouts to support, stability, and dependency information whenever possible.
> 
> We use the `ssdi` metadata tag in `docs-src` nodes to explicitly call out this information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Whenever possible, we make explicit callouts to support, stability, and dependency information by using the `ssdi` metadata tag in `docs-src` nodes.
```

#### How to explicitly identify support, stability, and dependency info

Use the `ssdi` metadata in a `docs-src` node to explicitly call out support, stability, and dependency information.
Example:

```markdown
---
id: what-is-x
// ...
ssdi:
  - Introduced in [Temporal Server version x.xx.x](/path/to/release/notes/)
  - Available in [Temporal CLI version x.xx.x](/path/to/release/notes/)
  - Released in Temporal Cloud on <date>
---
```

### How to auto format files

Run `yarn format`.

> If you don't run this command locally before posting a Pull Request, a Github action runs the formatting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't run this command locally before posting a pull request, a GitHub action runs the formatting.
```

### How to run the Assembly Workflow

Make sure you have a Namespace set up to operate out of.
We recommend using the [Temporal CLI’s development Server](https://docs.temporal.io/cli/#starting-the-temporal-server).

In a separate terminal run:

```bash
temporal server start-dev
```

In a separate terminal, run the Worker in the `/assembly` folder.

```bash
cd assembly
./worker.js
```

> In another terminal, start the Workflow from the root of this repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In another terminal, start the Workflow from the root of this repository.
```
Should we specify "In a third terminal"?

```bash
yarn assemble
```

> Run the auto-formatter after the Workflow Execution is completed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the Workflow Execution is completed, run the auto-formatter.
```

```bash
yarn format
```

**Make your changes in the *source files*  named in the configuration file.**

> For instance, if you find a typo under "What is a Task?" (located in the Workers section of the Temporal docs website), open [docs/concepts/what-is-a-task.md](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/blob/main/docs/concepts/what-is-a-task.md) and make the edit directly there.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph seems oddly placed. Perhaps move the example up into the "How to fix a typo" section?

> 
> **Make your changes in the *source files*  named in the configuration file.**
> For instance, if you find a typo under "What is a Task?" (located in the Workers section of the Temporal docs website), open [docs/concepts/what-is-a-task.md](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/blob/main/docs/concepts/what-is-a-task.md) and make the edit directly there.

Author: ```suggestion
```

### How to create a new guide configuration

Guide configurations are stored in `assembly/guide-configs`.

> They are more or less organized to reflect the intended output in the `docs` directory, however this is purely for file management purposes and does not affect where the guide output is written to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
They are more or less organized to reflect the intended output in the `docs` directory; however, this arrangement is purely for file management purposes and does not affect where the guide output is written.
```

Guide configurations link independent source nodes together into a guide-style narrative.

> Some of the guide-level metadata is supplied directly in the guide configuration, while the rest is generated from the source nodes. For example, the “keywords” and “tags” metadata are generated from the source nodes attached to the config.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some of the guide-level metadata is supplied directly in the guide configuration, and the rest is generated from the source nodes. For example, the “keywords” and “tags” metadata are generated from the source nodes attached to the config.
```

  "description": "The Foundations section of the Temporal Go SDK Developer's guide covers the minimum set of concepts and implementation details needed to build and run a Temporal Application in Go – that is, all the relevant steps to start a Workflow Execution that executes an Activity.", // Published description metadata
  "use_description": false, // uses the description as the first sentence in the generated doc
  "toc_max_heading_level": 4, // sets the maximum toc level for the generated doc
  "add_tabs_support": true, // adds mdx imports to generated doc to support tabs
  "sections": [ // array of sections
    {
      "type": "p", // section type - p sections use the previous heading as an anchor
      "id": "go/foundations" // this is the directory + doc id within docs-src
    },
    {
      "type": "h2", // can go as deep as h4
      "id": "clusters/how-to-install-temporal-cli"
    },
    {
      "type": "h2",
      "id": "go/add-sdk"
    },
    {
      "type": "p",
      "id": "go/how-to-use-the-go-sdk"
    },
    {
      "type": "h3",
      "id": "go/api-reference-go"
    },
    {
      "type": "h3",
      "id": "go/code-samples"

>     },

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    }
  ]
```

}
```

### How to use DACX

**What is DACX?**

> DACX is short for “Docs as code”.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DACX is short for “Docs as code.”
```

All the logic of the DACX tool is built into the Assembly Workflow.

**Why use DACX?**

DACX is similar to [Snipsync](https://github.com/temporalio/snipsync), except that DACX lets you write the documentation within the code.
Rather than curating the information and code within the documentation repository, you curate the information within the source code's repository.
The Assembly Workflow then generates Markdown guides from the narrative inlined with the code.
As a result, DACX provides rich content in multiple places.

To start using DACX, choose a source repo.

- Go → https://github.com/temporalio/documentation-samples-go
- Python → https://github.com/temporalio/documentation-samples-python
- Java → TODO
- TypeScript → TODO

You can also register a new source repo with the Assembly Workflow.

> Add your repository under the `documentation_samples_repos` section of the [Assembly configuration](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/blob/main/assembly/config.json) file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add your repository in the `documentation_samples_repos` section of the [Assembly configuration](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/blob/main/assembly/config.json) file.
```

Specify a branch name in the `ref` field if your changes are not merged into the main branch of the source repo.

Example:

```go
{

>   "org": "your-org" // for us that temporalio

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "org": "your-org" // for us, this is temporalio
```

  "name": "your-repo" // name of the repository

>   "ref" : "your-branch-name" // name of your branch - optional

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "ref" : "your-branch-name" // name of your branch; optional
```

  // if a branch is not specified, main is used
}
```

#### Identify DACX files

The Assembly Workflow identifies DACX files by the inclusion of `_dacx` in filenames.
In your source repository, add `_dacx` at the end of the file name, but before the file extension, to identify files using DACX.

For example, `my_main_workflow_file_dacx.go`.

This must be done for every file that contains DACX.

#### Write documentation using vanilla Markdown

> In the source repository, write your documentation as Markdown using multiline comments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the source repository, write your documentation as Markdown in multiline comments.
```

The Assembly Workflow identifies all multiline comments as Markdown documentation.

Single-line comments are treated the same as the rest of the code.

> Single line commenting is still highly encouraged to make the code understandable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Single-line commenting is still highly encouraged to make the code understandable.
```

For example:

```go
/*
This is treated as Markdown documentation.

> Format this information as you would like any other Markdown content.
> 
> Since Markdown maintains readablibilty, anyone can read this, even when a [link](/somelink) is present.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Format this information as you would any other Markdown content.

Because Markdown maintains readability, anyone can read this, even when a [link](/somelink) is present.
```

*/

> // MyCode is my code and this is treated the same as the code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// MyCode is my code; this comment is treated the same as the code
```

func MyCode () error {
 // ...
}
```

> #### Use `@dacx` comments to identify info nodes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Use `@dacx` comments to identify information nodes
```
However, the short form "info nodes" appears fairly regularly from this point forward, so I'm conflicted about whether to expand "info" into "information" throughout, equivalence "information node" and "info node" at the first occurrence, use "info node" throughout (which I kinda like), or simply stet.

In the source repository, add `@dacx` to a multiline comment at the bottom of the `_dacx` file.

The comment must be structured exactly like the following:

```go
/* @dacx
id: id-of-resulting-info-node
title: Title of the resulting info node
label: Info node label (often becomes the anchor if node is used as a header)
description: Longer description of the info node used in link page previews.
lines: line numbers
@dacx */
```

Example:

```go
/* @dacx
id: how-to-run-a-temporal-cloud-worker-in-go
title: How to run a Temporal Cloud Worker in Go
label: Run a Cloud Worker
description: Use a certificate key pair and your Temporal Cloud Namespace to connect to Temporal Cloud.
lines: 1-52, 64
@dacx */
```

> #### Basic line selection requirements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Basic line-selection requirements
```

> You must select both the opening multiline comment line and the closing multiline comment line when selecting multiline comments, as either a distinct selection or as part of a large group of Markdown and code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must select both the opening multiline comment line and the closing multiline comment line when selecting multiline comments, either as a distinct selection or as part of a large group of Markdown and code.
```

For example:

```go
/*
This is treated as Markdown documentation.

> Format this information as you would like any other Markdown content.
> 
> Since Markdown maintains readablibilty, anyone can read this, even when a [link](/somelink) is present.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Format this information as you would any other Markdown content.

Because Markdown maintains readability, anyone can read this, even when a [link](/somelink) is present.
```

*/

> // MyCode is my code and this is treated the same as the code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// MyCode is my code; this comment is treated the same as the code
```

func MyCode () error {
 // ...
}

/* @dacx
id: my-dacx-code-example
title: My DACX code example
label: DACX example
description: Always select the opening and closing multiline comment characters.
lines: 1-7
@dacx */
```

> In the above example, we capture lines 1-7 to capture the whole multiline comment section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the preceding example, we capture lines 1 through 7 to capture the whole multiline comment section.
```

We could also capture the full multiline comment as part of capturing a group of Markdown and code:

```go
/* @dacx
id: my-dacx-code-example
title: My DACX code example
label: DACX example
description: Always select the opening and closing multiline comment characters.
lines: 1-12
@dacx */
```

#### Use Assembly to generate the info nodes

In the documentation repository, run `yarn assemble --samples` to generate the information nodes into their respective language-specific directories.

For example, information nodes generated from `.go` files are generated into the `/docs-src/go` directory.

#### Add info nodes to an Assembly guide config

> In the documentation repo, register the information node to a [guide configuration](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/tree/main/assembly/guide-configs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the documentation repo, register the information node in a [guide configuration](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/tree/main/assembly/guide-configs) file.
```

Arrange the information nodes to create a linear experience.

> In many cases, information nodes are attached to Developer guide configurations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In many cases, information nodes are attached to developer guide configurations.
```

For example:

```json
{
  "file_name": "foundations.md",
  "id": "foundations",
  "file_dir": "application-development/golang",
  "title": "Go SDK developer's guide - Foundations",
  "sidebar_label": "Foundations", // This is the label of the guide in the sidebar
  "sidebar_position": 1, // This is the position within the sidebar relative to others at the same level
  "description": "The Foundations section of the Temporal Go SDK Developer's guide covers the minimum set of concepts and implementation details needed to build and run a Temporal Application in Go – that is, all the relevant steps to start a Workflow Execution that executes an Activity.",
  "use_description": false,
  "toc_max_heading_level": 4,
  "add_tabs_support": true,
  "sections": [
    {
      "type": "p", // use p for sections that you don't want a header for or want to string together.
      "id": "go/foundations"
    },
    {
      "type": "h2",
      "id": "go/add-sdk"
    },
    {
      "type": "h2", // this is the header level you want
      "id": "how-to-develop-a-workflow-in-go" // this is the id of the info node
    }
    // ...

> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ]
}
```

```

#### Run Assembly one more time

In the documentation repo, run `yarn assemble` to generate the guides from the guide configurations.

> Preview your work locally with the command `yarn start`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Preview your work locally with the command `yarn start`.
```

### How to use Snipsync

Make sure your source code repository is registered in the `snipsync.config.yaml` file.

Place your [snipsync](https://github.com/temporalio/snipsync) snippet wrappers where you want the snippet to be within the information node.

```
<!--SNIPSTART typescript-hello-client -->
<!--SNIPEND-->

```

> Run `yarn snipsync`, to merge the snippet contents (in this case, from `[samples-typescript](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/blob/75bdcd613bd24f8f357cb96d1b83051353c5685a/hello-world/src/client.ts#L1)`) between the `SNIPSTART` and `SNIPEND` tags.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run `yarn snipsync` to merge the snippet contents (in this case, from `[samples-typescript](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-typescript/blob/75bdcd613bd24f8f357cb96d1b83051353c5685a/hello-world/src/client.ts#L1)`) between the `SNIPSTART` and `SNIPEND` tags.
```

[Run the Assembly Workflow](https://www.notion.so/Documentation-repo-README-content-WIP-ddd0e586594246b3b9948919bbf7b12b?pvs=21).

Format the files with `yarn format`.

[Put up a Pull Request](#how-to-put-up-a-pull-request).

### How to put up a Pull Request

Commit your changes to a new branch.

> If you are outside the Temporal organization, fork the repository and create Pull Requests from branches on your own fork.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are outside the Temporal organization, fork the repository and create pull requests from branches on your own fork.
```

> See the README in GitHub's [first-contributions repo](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions) repo for guidance on forking and creating Pull Requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the README in GitHub's [first-contributions](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions) repo for guidance on forking and creating pull requests.
```

> Vercel provides a deployment preview for each push to the Pull Request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Vercel provides a deployment preview for each push to the pull request.
```

!https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/raw/main/static/img/readme/vercel-deploy-preview.png

If you don't belong to the Temporal organization, a member of the Temporal @temporalio/education team will need to approve your preview.

If you don't belong to the Temporal organization, you may need to sign the Contributor License Agreement yourself.

The @temporalio/education team tries to review GitHub issues and pull requests on a regular schedule.

> When we merge your Pull Request, a new build automatically occurs and your changes publish to [https://docs.temporal.io](https://docs.temporal.io/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When we merge your pull request, a new build automatically occurs and your changes publish to [https://docs.temporal.io](https://docs.temporal.io/).
```

#### Assembly Workflow merge conflicts

Run the Assembly Workflow to fix any merge conflict in ASSEMBLY_REPORT.md and any generated guides in the `/docs` directory.

> Restart your Worker after merging main and before running Assembly again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Restart your Worker after merging `main` into your branch and before running Assembly again.
```

### How to preview the site locally

Run `yarn start`. This command starts a local development server and opens a browser window to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/).

## Local development command reference

The following commands are available to aid in local development:

### `yarn`

This command ensures all the required dependencies are installed.

### `yarn build`

> This command triggers a Docusaurus build and results in the browser consumable Javascript in the `/build` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command triggers a Docusaurus build and results in the browser-consumable JavaScript in the `/build` directory.
```

Note that the `/build` directory is ignored by Git.

### `yarn start`

> This command spins up a local web server and serves up the contents of the `/build` directory to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command spins up a local web server and serves the contents of the `/build` directory to [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000/).
```

### `yarn assemble`

This command starts and runs the Assembly Workflow, provided you have a Temporal Cluster to connect to.

It accepts the following arguments:

#### `--cloud`

When provided, this flag causes the Temporal Client to connect to a Temporal Cloud Namespace. This flag requires that the following private information is set in `assembly/secure`:

- `docs-assembly.pem`: Paste and save the full CA certificate text.
- `docs-assembly.key`: Paste and save the full secret that was generated with the certificate.
- `cloud-connection.json`: Paste the following JSON, replacing the values with your own.

```
{
  "address": "your-cloud-address",
  "unique_id": "your-unique-custom-id",
  "namespace": "your-namespace"
}

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```

> #### `—samples`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### `--samples`
```
